hey guys it's amber it's august 8 and
the show of the day is from any weight
loss clinics the monthly sponsor for
August is furnished 1 2 3 everything you
want in a furniture store for less
in 1987 Jerome was a fit 220 pound guy
that ran six miles a day he started
making bad decisions by decreasing
activity and eating unhealthy foods the
following year by the time he got
married in 1988 he was 275 pounds and
still gaining weight when his first son
was born in 1989 descale reflected 350
pounds 19 years later in 2008 jerome
weighed in at 493 pounds he had high
blood pressure sleep apnea early signs
of kidney and liver issues and poor
circulation in his lower legs he knew as
he aged closer to 500 pounds at the time
had come to do something Jerome had
witness a friend lose about 30 pounds in
three months on the Medi weight-loss
clinics program he finally decided to
learn about the diet his friend was
following and decided to follow a
low-carb diet in December of 2008 in
just two weeks who's already down to 478
pounds then Jerome called many weight
loss clinics and scheduled his very
first appointment with dr. Cobb and and
over Kansas the next week he started to
exercise he started slow just 15 minutes
three times a week on an exercise bike
fast forward to the present and Jerome
takes four to six spin classes a week he
also goes running and lifts weights in
May of 2010 Jerome completed his first
10k since 1985 by April of 2010 Gorillaz
down to a hundred and 93 pounds which
equals a loss of 300 pounds his blood
pressure is normal and his kidney and
liver readings are normal now if you
want to see more of Jerome's amazing
many weight loss clinic story check out
the Today Show interview and you can
check out many weight loss clinics
yourself at many weight loss clinics
comm furnish one two three what's in
your living room